And for this project I'm going to be using seven images.
I'm going to be using here this one and I'll have this background.
This is going to be called Project.
This is going to be for the project and we're going to have for the filler then we're going to have
a services over here and this is going to be here.
Right.
And everything else is pretty much the same like we already did.
Now the only thing that extra that I did over here you can see that we're going to have a small screen
right so we can right away see for the moment you know here we have a theme that actually we're going
to be creating.
Right.
And this is the one that we're actually working on right so we're all going to work we're going to do
or here we're going to be able to see.
And this is already the finished Web site right so we can check it out it.
We did everything correctly.
And the first thing that we need to do is create this map.
Right.
So let's go ahead and let's go here to the body section or here and I'm just going to create a little
bit more room so you can see better what's happening.
I think we can make this one smaller because we're either way going to be using this for the mobile
view and we're here what I'm going to say this is going to be a comment I'm going to send this is going
to be now.
And once we have the now I'm just going to say this is going to be not element and this is going to
be an ordered list and this is going to be a list item and then the last item we're going to have a
try.
Right.
So I'm going to say this is going to be a link like this and this is going to be dummy link over here.
But for the first one I'm going to actually have a class and I'm going to say that the class is going
to be low because we're going to style this one little bit differently and we're going to say this is
going to be web agency and or here and this is also going to have a phone to us.
I might say it is going to be I have a half a and we're going to say narrow it down.
I think some of this is going to be out font of some.
Right so we have our first one.
And for some reason the agency went in we didn't want or here's what I'm going to do is all right.
Agency.
Agency and then or here we just need to write I so apologize for that.
And now we have a web agency and now we have done a fantastic night.
And then we need another few weeks.
Right.
So total we would have six so we would need five more.
So what I'm going to do we're here I'm going to copy this guy but I'm just going to delete this phone
because I don't need it.
I just need it for the first one.
So if I do this and instead of with my agency I'm going to say this is going to be a actually let's
say this is not also going to have a logo on it and it's not going to be a or logo.
And this is just going to be home.
And so we're all going to run this is going to be home and we're going to copy this guy and we're going
to have skilled services portfolio.
Now that just copy this line here and this is one two three.
We're here for it's all him home skills services portfolio and work.
So really going around this is going to be skills
skills.
On here and this is going to be services.
Right.
So we're going to say this is going to be services and this is going to be over here instead of home.
It's going to be portfolio and then we need one more.
So grab over here and just copy this guy and we're going to say this is going to be what it's all going
to go back over here.
We're going to let's maybe use a beautiful way to make it a little bit better.
Right.
So they look a little bit nicer.
And now that we have the links we're obviously going to go to means this and start styling here.
Right.
So if we go back and see this the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm just going to write down the
colors that I'm going to be using right now I'm going to be making a comment over here I'm just going
to say that for a black or here I'm just going to say it is going to be black and this is going to be
1 9 1 7 1 6 1 7 1 6 here.
And then we will need to copy this three times one two three and we're really going to write and this
is going to be for the white one white and for the white one is going to be a little bit different right.
Obviously he and then we'll get to zero.
He will have to be to the right then the next one is going to be yellow.
All right.
Hello and for the hour going to be using a E6.
So the hash tag six and we're going to have a F and then we're going to have to be right and then we're
going to have a great one.
So we're going to come back here and say Great.
And the gray one is going to be B E B B B.
And they're going to have 7 8 4 7 4.
Now that we have the colors right now the first rule that we're going to be creating is going to be
for the whole document and we're going to say that this isn't going to have a margin of zero.
And so all the elements initially right margin zero padding zero zero.
And over here we're going to say this is going to be a box sizing.
I know we're going to say box sizing is going to be border box right.
So you know like this.
And then when we had one we have for the whole document we can actually start styling.
Right.
So over here I'm just going to put the body.
Here I'm going to write a column and this is going to be now.
And what was going to be the first rule for the now.
What he's going to say and this is going to be none of your well written or least list style type.
None.
None here.
And we're going to have a border top and.
We're going to have a yellow lights on and say six pixels solid so they know we're here and we're going
to use the night so we can just write it or we can just copy this one is obviously going to be a little
bit faster.
So we just go here copy this and go here and we just paste.
Right.
So now we have the yellow border on the top.
Then we have a list actual link right.
So we're going to say we're here now.
We're here.
Well hello I say.
And what would be the properties and values would want to change text decoration.
None none.
And we're going to have a display here we're going to say this is going to be block here and this and
this play lock and we're going to be saying that this is going to be also a text align center text on
your center.
We're going to have a font size 20 on size over here and we're going to say this is going to be 20 pixels
and then we're going to have a padding and padding is going to be 15 pixels by 25 pixels or you know
I guess and then we're going to have a color and the color is actually going to be that black.
Right.
So we're going to go here.
This is going to be sort Sorry it's going to be the yellow one or here.
So if we go back over here.
Copy and paste this right.
So it's going to be E-6 a f 2.
So he E-6 a have to know guess and that obviously you would want a background right for the actual you.
Right or here you can see that I actually missed a background color so I'm going to say Baghran code
here and I'm going to say this is going to be the black on rights 1 9 7 1 6.
Right so now we have the black one and the links are also down right now we would want as we were hovering
over the links we would want a different color.
Right.
So I'm going to create a little bit more space so I can see better.
I don't know if we're going to say we're hovering right.
Some things should be different.
We're just going to copy this guy.
You know we're going to pace that and we're going to say that this is going to be over and as we're
covering the color is going to be a white one.
Right.
Well whitish and it's not going to be completely white.
So we're all going to say this is going to be easy.
And then we're going to have zero G and then we're going up to the B to the right so I can say this
guy we're here and we can check it out.
Right so this is going to be the white one.
Now also you need to style the logo.
Right.
So remember that first one that we created the web agency we would need to style this right.
So here I'm going to say for this law go right for this class some some time in the class.
Now I can see what's happening right.
First we're going to say this is going to be a display of flex right.
Because you can see that I won them actually not side my side and one them actually separate right.
So when I said this.
Flex right there I'm going to say text transfer when you're transformed I'm going to say this is going
to be upper case.
Upper case like this or here maybe.
Right away as we have this play flex let's deal with a flex and say this is going to be justify content
and here space between right now we have this one.
I can see the font awesome right away flies all the way to the right.
Yeah.
So now we have a text transform that we want a font size and we're going to say it's going to be 40
pixels and then we're going to have a background.
Right.
And the background is actually going to be different.
So we're here we're going to say the six hey we're here and then it's going to be too high for this.
And then the actual color is going to be the black it's 1 9 1 7 1 7 1 6 9.
So it's other way around how it would be interacted with links and then the font style is going to be
taluk taluk then we need to add the rule as we're having.
Right.
So the background color is going to be different and actual colors are going to be different.
So rerum so low and are here I'm going to say have I.
And what we're going to say or her background color and the background color is going to be on here.
And the zero G.
And then is going to be to be to the right and then the color is going to be or the 6 a 6 and 8.
And then this is going to be F to the two.
And so we can go ahead and check it out over here when we have with the web engines he writes or going
to have a white one and the actual color is going to be right now the most interesting part or here.
Right.
So you can see that we have set up for the small screen right.
Everything is working.
Everything looks nice right.
But if I say this over here and if we go to the big screen right it's also going to look the same.
Right.
And this is not what we want.
We obviously would want a bigger screen.
Right.
So the moment we're actually leaving the small screen where I actually would want it to be laid out
in a row.
So what we're going to do over here is we're going to have a responsive mini screen.
And so we're going to go here and we're going to write that this is going to be media at media and then
we're going to say screen and then we're going to.
Right.
And the minimum with actually is going to be a five hundred seventy six pixels.
And I just stole this one from a trap right.
Because that's what they have.
So for the smaller screen right now they have five so many sects so I just took that one as an example
I'm going to go off.
Right.
So only when we're leaving the small screen what should happen right.
First we're going to target a.
Now have you.
All right.
We're all going to say that this is going to be this play and we're going to say this play for x y once
we have the flex then we would want a flex.
Because what's going to happen is as we're actually making this screen smaller the actual links are
going to be bumping into each other.
Right.
There are going to be shrinking and we don't want that we're just going to say this is going to be flex
or here we're going to say wrap it and we're going to say this is going to be rapid.
So they're not really going to be stacking underneath each other once the screen gets more than we're
going to have a whole line items and we're going to say baseline.
And the reason for that is for the bigger screen.
Right.
What's going to happen is that over here can see that I didn't say this means VSS I mean but if I say
this right for the bigger screen what's happening is that this font size is going to be different than
this.
Right.
So you don't want to actually center these ones or something like you can just go online baseline.
They're all going to be the same because they're all going to be actually looking at the value where
the text is right now.
How big are the boxes and when we're talking about wrapping you can see right at the moment it's actually
going to hit this edge.
It's actually going to wrapped in the next line instead of actually shrinking.
Right so it's going to look much more nicer once we have the baseline done then we're going to say that
we would want a justified count in between right over here can say this is going to be space between
here and then what we would want is actually styled the actual links right.
And we're going to say this going to me now.
Hello.
Hi.
And we're going to use a flex property and we're going to say can to be flex and this should grow always
that's why we're going to set it to one more here.
We're going to say this is never going to shrink so it's going to be zero.
And this is going to be hard.
Remember one thing that when you're using this order right you're not specifically saying how big it
is right.
You're just pretty much saying whatever how big the link is that's how it always should stay.
Now the way you control the link is over here with this padding right now.
Right.
Because if you're not specifically say so remember if you're going to settle here padding to let's say
60.
Right.
And this is going to go here back.
So obviously there are going to be shrinking way faster right now I can see that there's three of them
right.
Because the actual padding is much more bigger.
Right.
So I'm going to go back and I'm going to sell it to 25.
I said I had before.
Right.
But remember that with the padding is that's where you were actually controlling the width of the actual
link and then you're going to have a full logo.
Right.
I don't want this phantasm to be on a bigger screen so I'm going to say logo here and I'm going to say
this is going to be display block.
Right.
So first of all just set the whole thing as display block.
We're going to have a text align center next to line center and the last thing is going to be actual
font.
Awesome.
So we're going to sell go and we're going to say for phantasm.
Right.
Not a log log but actual long ago.
And here we're going to say they would want a display and we're going to say none.
So for the bigger screen with one we wouldn't want it to show so now we say this actually we can refresh.
And this should look exactly the same like we had before.
Right.
So you can see that we have one agency right.
We have the hovering effect and as we're hovering over the links right.
But then they're not shrinking.
Right.
So as you can see it is screening at smaller smaller and the moment actually the link is supposed to
start to shrink.
You can see this is going to fall to the next line with the flex wrap probably.
Right.
And this is going to be it for this number and next section are going to be creating a banner.